Add more verbose docs and clean up examples (#344)
zenml-io/zenml: examples/README.md

- **caching**: Using caching to skip data-intensive tasks and save costs.
- **class_based_api**: All the code for the class-based API guide found in the
  [docs](https://docs.zenml.io/v/docs/guides/class-based-api).
- **custom_materializer**: Create a custom materializer to control data flowing between steps.
- **dag_visualizer**: Visualizing a pipeline.
- **drift_detection**: Detect drift with our Evidently integration.

> - **fetch_historical_runs**: Show-cases dynamically fetching historical runs from within a step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **fetch_historical_runs**: Showcases dynamically fetching historical runs from within a step.
```

smoothness of the user experience.
- **statistics**: Show-cases how ZenML can automatically extract statistics
  using facets.

> - **whylogs**: Show-cases [whylogs](https://github.com/whylabs/whylogs) integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **whylogs**: Showcases [whylogs](https://github.com/whylabs/whylogs) integration.
```
